Japanese People Master T-Shirt Folding. Up Next, Potato Peeling!
Published on March 06, 2006.
That’s right, those Japanese people are at it again.
Now they’ve got their sights on removing the skin from potatoes!
Marvel as they cut a ring around a potato, dunk it in boiling water, then dip it in ice water!
Afterwards, the skin just peels off!
This is exactly the same technique I use to flay human flesh!
I think the magic lies within the expansion and shrinkage of the potato during the boiling and icing.
Or maybe I just made that up.
Seriously, though, I’m curious as to what the Japanese still have behind their sleeves.
Cold Fusion, anyone?